xmarksthespot(6) -- player for wherigo cartridges
============================================
<!--
xmarksthespot.6.ronn - manual page for xmarksthespot
Copyright 2012 Bas Wijnen <wijnen@debian.org>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
-->

## SYNOPSIS
`xmarksthespot` [cartridge.gwc]

## DESCRIPTION
Play a wherigo cartridge. Left or right click on the map to zoom in or out.
Drag the middle button, or scroll to pan. Press home to center current position
in view. Ctrl-home adjusts the view to make everything fit. Ctrl-enter or
ctrl-click temporarily overrides the gps position, to simulate that you were
somewhere. Double click on a location or a thing in the environment to move it
to the center of the map.

## SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
The cartridge is written in lua, which allows execution of arbitrary code.
Don't play cartridges from untrusted sources.

## AUTHOR
Xmarksthespot was written by `Bas Wijnen <wijnen@debian.org>`
